* TESTS LOCAL
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/README.md to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/readme.md to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/readme.md to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/readme.md to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/readme.md to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/readme.md to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/readme.md to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/readme.md to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/readme.md to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/readme.md to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/readme.md to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/readme.md to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/readme.md to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/readme.md to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/readme.md to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/readme.md to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/readme.md to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/readme.md to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/readme.md to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/readme.md to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/readme.md to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/readme.md to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/readme.md to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/readme.md to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/readme.md to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/readme.md to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/readme.md to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/readme.md to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/readme.md to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/readme.md to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/multi_sites_formatted_version1.0.refts.json to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/multi_sites_formatted_version1.0.refts.json to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/multi_sites_formatted_version1.0.refts.json to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/multi_sites_formatted_version1.0.refts.json to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/multi_sites_formatted_version1.0.refts.json to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/multi_sites_formatted_version1.0.refts.json to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/multi_sites_formatted_version1.0.refts.json to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/myfile.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/myfile.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/readme.md to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/readme.md to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/readme.md to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/readme.md to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/readme.md to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/readme.md to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/readme.md to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/readme.md to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/readme.md to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/readme.md to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/readme.md to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/readme.md to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/readme.md to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/readme.md to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/readme.md to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/readme.md to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test3.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test3.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test3.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test3.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test3.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test3.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test3.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test3.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test3.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test3.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test3.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test3.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file_one.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file_two.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file_three.tif to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file_one.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file_two.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/original.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/original.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.tif to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.tif to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.tif to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.tif to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.tif to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.tif to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.tif to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.tif to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.tif to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.tif to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.tif to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.tif to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.tif to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.tif to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.tif to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.tif to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.tif to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.tif to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.tif to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.tif to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.tif to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.tif to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/myfile.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/myfile.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file2.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file2.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file3.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file3.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file2.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file3.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/original.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/update.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/update.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/update.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/original.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/original.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/update.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/update.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/photo.tif to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/cv.pdf to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/photo.tif to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/cv.pdf to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/photo.tif to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/photo.tif to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/cv.pdf to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/cv.pdf to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/photo.tif to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/photo.tif to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/cv.pdf to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/cv.pdf to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test3.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test3.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test3.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test3.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test3.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test3.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test3.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test3.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test3.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test3.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test3.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test3.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file.pdf to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file.doc to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file.ppt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file.csv to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file.ipynb to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file.foo to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file.bar to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file.pdf to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file.doc to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file.ppt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file.csv to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file.ipynb to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file.foo to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file.bar to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file.pdf to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file.doc to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file.ppt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file.csv to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file.ipynb to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file.foo to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file.bar to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file.pdf to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file.doc to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file.ppt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file.csv to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file.ipynb to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file.foo to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file.bar to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file.pdf to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file.doc to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file.ppt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file.csv to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file.ipynb to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file.foo to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file.bar to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file.pdf to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file.doc to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file.ppt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file.csv to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file.ipynb to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file.foo to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file.bar to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file.pdf to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file.doc to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file.ppt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file.csv to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file.ipynb to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file.foo to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file.bar to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file.pdf to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file.doc to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file.ppt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file.csv to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file.ipynb to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file.foo to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file.bar to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file.pdf to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file.doc to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file.ppt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file.csv to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file.ipynb to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file.foo to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file.bar to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file.pdf to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file.doc to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file.ppt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file.csv to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file.ipynb to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file.foo to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file.bar to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file_one.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file_two.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file_three.tif to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file_one.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file_two.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/original.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/original.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.tif to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.tif to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.tif to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.tif to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.tif to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.tif to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.tif to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.tif to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.tif to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.tif to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.tif to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.tif to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.tif to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.tif to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.tif to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.tif to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.tif to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.tif to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.tif to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.tif to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.tif to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.tif to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/myfile.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/myfile.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/myfile.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/myfile.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file2.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file2.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file3.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file3.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file2.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file3.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/photo.tif to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/cv.pdf to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/photo.tif to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/cv.pdf to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/photo.tif to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/photo.tif to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/cv.pdf to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/cv.pdf to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/photo.tif to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/photo.tif to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/cv.pdf to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/cv.pdf to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/original.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/update.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/update.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/update.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/original.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/original.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/update.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/update.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test3.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test3.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test3.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test3.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test3.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test3.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test3.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test3.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test3.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test3.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test3.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test3.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file_one.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file_two.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file_three.tif to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file_one.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file_two.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/original.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/original.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.tif to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.tif to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.tif to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.tif to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.tif to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.tif to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.tif to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.tif to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.tif to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.tif to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.tif to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.tif to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.tif to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.tif to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.tif to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.tif to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.tif to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.tif to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.tif to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.tif to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.tif to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test2.tif to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/myfile.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/myfile.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/myfile.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/myfile.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file2.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file2.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file3.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file3.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file2.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/file3.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/original.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/update.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/update.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/update.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/original.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/original.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/update.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/update.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/photo.tif to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/cv.pdf to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/photo.tif to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/cv.pdf to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/photo.tif to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/photo.tif to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/cv.pdf to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/cv.pdf to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/photo.tif to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/photo.tif to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/cv.pdf to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/cv.pdf to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test\.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test\.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test:.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test:.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test*.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test*.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test?.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test?.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test<.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test<.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test>.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test>.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test|.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test|.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test 1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test 1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/tes-2.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/tes-2.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test-3 to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test-3 to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/résumé-2.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/résumé-2.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/ test-1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/ test-1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test-2.txt  to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test-2.txt  to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test 1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test 1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/tes-2.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/tes-2.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test-3 to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test-3 to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/résumé-2.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/résumé-2.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/ test-1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/ test-1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test-2.txt  to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test-2.txt  to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test\.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test\.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test:.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test:.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test*.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test*.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test?.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test?.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test<.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test<.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test>.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test>.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test|.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test|.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test\.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test\.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test:.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test:.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test*.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test*.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test?.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test?.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test<.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test<.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test>.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test>.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test|.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test|.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test 1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test 1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/tes-2.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/tes-2.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test-3 to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test-3 to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/résumé-2.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/résumé-2.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/ test-1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/ test-1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test-2.txt  to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test-2.txt  to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test 1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test 1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/tes-2.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/tes-2.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test-3 to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test-3 to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/résumé-2.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/résumé-2.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/ test-1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/ test-1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test-2.txt  to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test-2.txt  to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test\.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test\.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test:.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test:.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test*.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test*.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test?.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test?.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test<.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test<.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test>.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test>.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test|.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test|.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test\.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test\.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test:.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test:.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test*.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test*.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test?.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test?.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test<.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test<.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test>.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test>.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test|.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test|.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test 1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test 1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/tes-2.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/tes-2.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test-3 to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test-3 to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/résumé-2.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/résumé-2.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/ test-1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/ test-1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test-2.txt  to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test-2.txt  to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test 1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test 1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/tes-2.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/tes-2.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test-3 to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test-3 to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/résumé-2.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/résumé-2.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/ test-1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/ test-1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test-2.txt  to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test-2.txt  to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test\.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test\.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test:.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test:.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test*.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test*.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test?.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test?.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test<.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test<.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test>.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test>.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test|.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test|.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test\.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test\.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test:.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test:.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test*.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test*.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test?.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test?.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test<.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test<.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test>.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test>.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test|.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test|.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test 1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test 1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/tes-2.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/tes-2.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test-3 to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test-3 to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/résumé-2.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/résumé-2.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/ test-1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/ test-1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test-2.txt  to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test-2.txt  to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test 1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test 1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/tes-2.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/tes-2.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test-3 to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test-3 to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/résumé-2.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/résumé-2.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/ test-1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/ test-1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test-2.txt  to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test-2.txt  to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test\.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test\.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test:.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test:.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test*.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test*.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test?.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test?.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test<.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test<.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test>.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test>.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test|.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test|.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test\.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test\.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test:.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test:.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test*.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test*.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test?.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test?.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test<.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test<.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test>.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test>.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test|.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test|.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test 1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test 1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/tes-2.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/tes-2.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test-3 to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test-3 to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/résumé-2.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/résumé-2.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/ test-1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/ test-1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test-2.txt  to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test-2.txt  to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test 1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test 1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/tes-2.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/tes-2.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test-3 to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test-3 to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/résumé-2.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/résumé-2.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/ test-1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/ test-1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test-2.txt  to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test-2.txt  to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test\.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test\.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test:.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test:.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test*.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test*.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test?.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test?.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test<.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test<.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test>.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test>.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test|.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test|.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test\.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test\.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test:.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test:.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test*.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test*.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test?.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test?.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test<.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test<.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test>.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test>.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test|.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test|.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test 1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test 1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/tes-2.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/tes-2.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test-3 to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test-3 to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/résumé-2.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/résumé-2.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/ test-1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/ test-1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test-2.txt  to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test-2.txt  to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test 1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/tes-2.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test-3 to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/résumé-2.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/ test-1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test-2.txt  to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test\.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test:.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test*.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test?.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test<.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test>.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test|.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test\.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test\.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test:.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test:.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test*.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test*.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test?.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test?.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test<.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test<.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test>.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test>.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test|.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test|.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test 1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test 1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/tes-2.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/tes-2.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test-3 to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test-3 to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/résumé-2.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/résumé-2.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/ test-1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/ test-1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test-2.txt  to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test-2.txt  to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test 1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test 1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/tes-2.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/tes-2.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test-3 to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test-3 to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/résumé-2.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/résumé-2.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/ test-1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/ test-1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test-2.txt  to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test-2.txt  to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test\.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test\.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test:.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test:.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test*.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test*.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test?.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test?.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test<.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test<.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test>.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test>.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test|.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test|.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test\.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test\.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test:.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test:.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test*.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test*.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test?.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test?.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test<.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test<.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test>.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test>.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test|.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test|.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test 1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test 1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/tes-2.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/tes-2.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test-3 to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test-3 to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/résumé-2.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/résumé-2.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/ test-1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/ test-1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test-2.txt  to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test-2.txt  to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test 1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/tes-2.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test-3 to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/résumé-2.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/ test-1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test-2.txt  to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test\.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test:.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test*.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test?.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test<.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test>.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test|.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test\.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test\.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test:.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test:.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test*.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test*.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test?.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test?.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test<.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test<.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test>.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test>.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test|.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test|.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test 1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test 1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/tes-2.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/tes-2.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test-3 to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test-3 to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/résumé-2.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/résumé-2.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/ test-1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/ test-1.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test-2.txt  to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test-2.txt  to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test 1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test 1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/tes-2.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/tes-2.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test-3 to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test-3 to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/résumé-2.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/résumé-2.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/ test-1.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/ test-1.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test-2.txt  to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/test-2.txt  to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test\.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test\.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test:.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test:.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test*.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test*.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test?.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test?.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test<.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test<.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test>.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test>.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test|.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/my-test|.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/readme.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/readme.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/README.MD to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/README.MD to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/some.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/some.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/some.md to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/some.md to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/readme.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/readme.md to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/some.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/some.md to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/readme.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/readme.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/README.MD to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/README.MD to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/some.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/some.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/some.md to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/some.md to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/readme.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/readme.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/readme.md to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/some.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/some.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/some.md to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/some.md to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/readme.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/readme.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/README.MD to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/README.MD to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/some.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/some.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/some.md to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/some.md to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/readme.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/readme.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/readme.md to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/some.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/some.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/some.md to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/some.md to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/readme.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/readme.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/README.MD to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/README.MD to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/some.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/some.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/some.md to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/some.md to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/readme.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/readme.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/readme.md to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/some.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/some.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/some.md to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/some.md to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/readme.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/readme.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/README.MD to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/README.MD to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/some.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/some.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/some.md to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/some.md to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/readme.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/readme.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/readme.md to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/some.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/some.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/some.md to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/some.md to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/readme.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/readme.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/README.MD to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/README.MD to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/some.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/some.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/some.md to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/some.md to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/readme.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/readme.md to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/some.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/some.md to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/readme.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/readme.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/README.MD to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/README.MD to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/some.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/some.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/some.md to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/some.md to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/readme.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/readme.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/readme.md to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/some.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/some.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/some.md to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/some.md to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/readme.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/readme.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/README.MD to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/README.MD to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/some.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/some.txt to 
created file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/some.md to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/some.md to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/readme.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/readme.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/readme.md to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/some.txt to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/some.txt to 
modified file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/some.md to 
deleted file from /Users/dcowan/repos/hydroshare/some.md to 
