RENCI Open Source Software License
The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill

The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill (the "Licensor") through 
its Renaissance Computing Institute (RENCI) is making an original work of 
authorship (the "Software") available through RENCI upon the terms set 
forth in this Open Source Software License (this "License").  This License 
applies to any Software that has placed the following notice immediately 
following the copyright notice for the Software:  Licensed under the RENCI 
Open Source Software License v. 1.0.

Licensor grants You, free of charge, a world-wide, royalty-free, 
non-exclusive, perpetual, sublicenseable license to do the following to 
deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the 
rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, 
and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the 
Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, 
this list of conditions and the following disclaimers.

. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright 
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimers in the 
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

. Neither You nor any sublicensor of the Software may use the names of 
Licensor (or any derivative thereof), of RENCI, or of contributors to the 
Software without explicit prior written permission.  Nothing in this 
License shall be deemed to grant any rights to trademarks, copyrights, 
patents, trade secrets or any other intellectual property of Licensor 
except as expressly stated herein.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR 
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, 
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL 
THE CONTIBUTORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR 
OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, 
ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR 
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

You may use the Software in all ways not otherwise restricted or 
conditioned by this License or by law, and Licensor promises not to 
interfere with or be responsible for such uses by You.  This Software may 
be subject to U.S. law dealing with export controls.  If you are in the 
U.S., please do not mirror this Software unless you fully understand the 
U.S. export regulations.  Licensees in other countries may face similar 
restrictions.  In all cases, it is licensee's responsibility to comply 
with any export regulations applicable in licensee's jurisdiction.
